---
title: Moviebot
date: 2013-08-21T00:00:00.000+00:00
categories:
- programming
layout: post

---
Found something useful to do with my enormous collection of movie subtitle files(.srt). Its a bot (like ELIZA or the emacs psychiatrist, not too bright) which is a huge movie fan. Ask him anything, he’ll reply with the closest known movie dialogue I’m attaching a sample conversation here (Try to Identify the movies and also, a well known TV Series from the sample).

With help from python inbuilt difflib, the resulting code was shorter than expected. To start I had to filter out the .srt files from timestamps and dialogue numbers and combine everything to a huge file and with a little approximate string matching .. voila!

*you: hello*

*MBot: its me only*

*you: then why do you say that?*

*MBot: because l wanted to hurt you.*

*you: oh really?*

*MBot: yes, but… this is a copy.*

*you: a copy of what?*

*MBot: they’re watching you, neo.*

*you: who is watching?*

*MBot: come on, go!*

*you: go where?*

*MBot: to the machine city.*

---

*MBot: this lily or that lily?*

*you: you dont make much sense now*

*MBot: “much” sense?*

*you: cant you learn anything?*

*MBot: l don’t know.*

*you: what do you know?*

*MBot: you married a lesbian!*

*you: I did not marry a lesbian!*

*MBot: to make you look good!*

*you: you are an idiot!*

*MBot: yep, that’s me.*

*you: finally we agreed on something*

*MBot: you don’t have to become yakuza*

*you: who said anything about them?*

*MBot: anyone hear from phoebe yet?*

*you: nope*

*MBot: excuse me.*

*you: are you leaving?*

*MBot: i have a small job to do*

*you: what job?*

*MBot: you wanted him to invite you*

*you: invite me where?*

*MBot: . who, pops?*

*you: yeah.. invite?*

---

*you: ok.. general questions*

*MBot: shoot.*

*you: the first rule of fight club*

*MBot: i’m not supposed to talk about it.*

*you: what does indiana jones wear?*

*MBot: so does joy behar.*

*you: what are you wearing?*

*MBot: nothing.*

*you: why bats sir?*

*MBot: Bats frighten me. It’s time my enemies share my dread.*

*you: how did you get these scars?*

*MBot: i just saw you in salem.*

*you: tell a joke*

*MBot: just shut up. i’ll try not to*

I lost the code used to generate this. But it was surprisingly ~ 30 lines!